Welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting today I have a very busy guest who fortunately made the time to to come here today it's Andre from RampMeDaddy and I'm going to let him on the stage as well hello Andre hi garon thanks for having me great to be here hi everyone yeah great to have you here you've been very busy I Met You in San Francisco on Monday and it seems like a lot of things are going on. But can you maybe just start by introducing yourself and your team and and what you're working on yeah absolutely happy to my name is Andre I'm the co-founder CEO of RampMeDaddy was born at at a consensus hosted by EA guys amazing amazing time amazing it's it was a lot of fun and and we rode, that wave
of fun and we rode, that wave of fun for the past whatever seven months at this point, that has turned into a real company, that's seeing real traction we're getting a lot of positive feedback we. So RampMeDaddy right. Now is a telegram digital wallet designed for Global Payments and for mcoin trading mcoins have been super hot and on on you know on super hot and on you know on and and more more chains are picking it up. So we're super excited about, that ultimately the goal is to be multi-chain wallet for for mem coins multi-chain wallet for mem coins but. When it comes to payments I mean, that's, that's something, that we started rent rent Maddy at the core of sending Global Payments and we want to make it as easy as sending a text message and Stellar has been extremely helpful with, that great. So so how far along are you in the process I know you've been working hard on it for for quite some time. But what
on it for quite some time. But what is the status today how how far along is the status today how far along are you yeah no it's. So today actually this call I'm doing out of the Draper University building facility we are just wrapping up our Draper University accelerator. So we did a three-week pre accelerator back in August, that was amazing time very had a very impact on what we're building got to meet a lot of amazing people well actually I think, that's, that's. When we met for the first time and actually got to work together we. But we were also able to meet denell we were able to pitch to Tim Draper we were able to accomplish a lot of things in just three weeks after, that I think we you know we we showed our think we you know we showed our strength we got people interested in what we're building and Draper
University and Stell invited us back to the official accelerator, that's not 3 weeks it's 12 weeks and we have been just crushing it here with with with a team of 10 other companies building Innovative products and the idea the reason, that we decided to go with telegram in the first place is. Because telegram has a billion users worldwide and a lot of these users are in U you know there's a lot in United States. But there there there's United States. But there there's users from everywhere in the world I think there's a number of groups where, that I'm an active participant in with people from I think we we did some people from I think we did some calculations and it's about 40 countries. So I think it's amazing, that you know telegram brings it all together and we figured well let's let's see how we we figured well let's see how we can facilitate payments inside, that and. But before we get into payments obviously we need to be able to
on-ramp onchain. So at the hackathon we built the on-ramping solution and we kind of have iterated a number of I don't want to say pivot. Because pivot usually to me see sounds like it you were doing something. Now you're doing something else I think we just re refined and reiterated in our idea to hit both I mean I it's to hit both functionality and revenue and those are two important pieces of any business and I think we I think we're finally at a point where they're they're put together point where they're put together and it it makes and it makes sense okay we were trying to get a screen share going did you get it to work yeah let's I think. So it would be fun to see see it in action it would be fun to see it in action yeah. So I guess let me start with the. So RampMeDaddy is a telegram wallet
that we're still building I would, say I think our CTO will be not super happy with me. But I I'll say maybe four to six weeks is left. But so. So we're going to roll it out. But I think there's a big strategy to how you roll things out. Because you can spend all of this time. And then roll out a product. And then start driving traffic to, that product. When it's live we decided to take a different approach we decided to roll out a teaser game inside telegram it's a very simple game you just guess. If the Bitcoin price is going to go up or down you tap on it. And then 5 seconds later it tells you. If you're. If you won or lost. If you won you get 10 points. deducted so, that's, that's the game in a nutshell we have been seeing a lot of positive feedback on, that game
and it's amazing to see how just walking around Draper University I would be passing by someone and I see someone sitting on the couch tapping playing the game so, that's, that's the idea we game so, that's the idea we were able to secure a couple of Partnerships with other telegram games, that have communities of millions of people I think between the all of the partners, that we have right. Now there's 50 million people in the community for those games and we have a very strategic partnership where they will drive traffic to our game and, that will engage players with our game and we get to tap into the $50 million Community sorry 50 million people community in those games so, that's. And then after the players are happy and they're excited with with a game they're they're excited with a game they're familiar with a brand. Then we'll start promoting the wallet to the to these clients and kind of it's it we expect it to be a much simpler conversion to get people to use the wallet. So it's
there's a strategy for the game it might seem like okay well what what does the seem like okay well what does the game have to do with, that. But we put a lot of thought into it and did a lot of research and the client feedback to before we built it. So but yeah happy to share I just wanted to give some background. So people are not confused about what's going on here. So let me try to share my telegram window so. If you go to are you able to sh see my telegram window yeah awesome. So let's see so. If you go at RampMeDaddy bot and you type type this in daddy bot and you type this in RampMeDaddy bot you can click Start and you can hit launch we launch the game and are you able to see the game no I don't see the game oh man it's probably. Because it's a window, that's shared not the screen yeah let me okay let me try to showare the this screen. So but you saw how we hit
the yeah the launch button let's see so. When after you hit the launch button the full screen let's see I wonder. If this is going to work it's not going to look as good as it looks on the okay let's see are you able to see the game. Now y we see the game okay sweet. So I mean obviously it looks a lot more organized on the screen. Because it's just the screen size. But you can see the Bitcoin price changing here. And then I would guess, that it's going up 5sec passes passes by a loss, that's, that's why I don't by a lot of day-to-day trading. But keep going keep trying and
win. So and this is basically it in the nutshell what we found to be very exciting for people is the leaderboard and funny enough we have a rot I hope I'm saying it right with his Stellar logo, which is super super exciting and what's even more exciting is, that there's two people who play this game more than I do and I feel like I refer. So many people to this game. But you know we have mounder Trevor Trevor Hoffman he he mounder Trevor Hoffman he shows it a lot sends it to a lot of people. But these two guys have absolutely crushed it and it's amazing to see this support from these people. So you get 10 points for guessing the price right you get Five Points deducted for guessing it wrong and you can also invite friends. So this is a very important feature for us for the future of the product development for the wallet itself we allow you to earn points every time
you refer a friend and. If you click invite friends it allows you to it gives you a customized link, that you can share with your friends. But other than, that this is the game it's not a crazy amount of stuff, that has been, that has, that that, that has been been, that has, that that has been built. But it is an engaging fun game, that has been allowing us to attract clients and U talk to clients to get their feedback and see what they want in the market I think it's personally I think it's a brilliant idea it's a great way to to get some people excited get get some awareness around what you're building and and and your brand and something, that's, that I've always noticed H I'm actually surprised you're not wearing your RampMeDaddy CAP today you got the T-shirt. Because you guys are always promoting your business always
so I've personally experienced it like Monday. When we had the event in s Francisco there was RampMeDaddy water bottles there was every everywhere and and When when you guys said, that it was time to get go out and get changed for the event I was thinking okay maybe these maybe they going to show up in suits today. But no it was t-shirts with RampMeDaddy all over it and yeah know it's I mean I think it's worth mentioning talking about the Geo yeah and the idea I even heard a story from one of the other participants from from drew other participants from drew there was something about, that you guys went out to eat at a restaurant and I guess they were out on napkins or something. And then out of your bag you pull napkins with RampMeDaddy QR code and logos on it yeah yeah yeah we we we logos on it yeah yeah we we tried to get creative with The Branding I think
there is I mean I think. When it comes to branding it's a very it could be a very expensive and resource consuming really bottomless bit of just branding and marketing money, that you can put in and we know, that firsthand from you know our previous company, that we were at itust amazing brand the strongest brand and it's very important for itust was doing crypto IRAs. But unfortunately don't have the budget of itust Capital right. So we have been trying to come up with the creative strategies to to do brand creative strategies to do brand awareness without spending a lot of money on it and I think, that's, a strong strong, that that has to be present for a found founder to be successful to scale a retail facing product. So yeah I completely agree and some I've sometimes have discussions with
with other Founders in in the crypto with other Founders in the crypto blockchain space and sometimes they have a difficult time onboarding non- crypto people or non- crypto users and I think by introducing the game first and by creating some awareness some curiosity around your brand I think is a great way to onboard people who are maybe not super much into crypto or meme coins and get them excited about it and I think, that's, that's something think I think, that's something, that that I think is really going to be interesting to follow you guys and see see your gain some tracks and get those people, that may not be super familiar with having to co coins or tokens or NFTs make it more like an everyday thing I think you're doing a great job with, that. So yeah it'll be interesting to follow we only have a few minutes left. But I'm super curious about what does your timeline look like. When it comes to the wallet and and be
when it comes to the wallet and be able to toh to have to use meme coins. So the timeline for the wallet is we're we're I am personally hoping for about six weeks and I you know. So far I think we've been very strong on delivering everything, that we promise on time So we're trying to stick to, that history in traction. But we have been there's there's no shortage of have been there's no shortage of stuff to to do. While the product is not out and I think establishing strong presence in brand is definitely one of those things, which is what we've been working on very hard as far as the wallet and the mem coins we we as to launch in in the are going to launch in the next six weeks with a with with a set of next six weeks with a set of with most likely with a closed beta for for some of the users to give us
feedback and we've been yeah we've been moving towards, that that's super exciting Okay I think, that's all we have time for today. But I would love to do a followup. When when you hit the do a followup. When you hit the maybe. When you hit test net or hit the main net maybe do a followup and see how it looks like. But so far it's been super exciting to to follow follow been super exciting to follow your journey and yeah see see the hustle your journey and yeah see the hustle you do to to get people excited about it I think, that's, that's something a lot I think, that's something a lot of startups can learn a lot from. So thank you so much for joining today absolutely thank thank you very much and our goal is to drive adoption for crypto and blockchain, which is extremely hard to do. If you have to worry about all the seat phrases all of the all of these Crypton native things and as you know I want people I already got my mom pretty involved in crypto she
has crypto in her Ira she has crypto wallets she does all of, that my next goal is to get my grandma involved and she is she's gonna be a client of a customer of RampMeDaddy and she'll be trading memes H so, that's, that's, that's the goal and, that's what we're working towards, that's amazing okay thank you so much for joining today and I'm looking forward to doing a followup. When when you have more to share I think, that could be interesting to do awk thank you so much for joining thanks for having me thank you bye bye, that was all we had time for today for the regular Stellar Developer Meeting in about five minutes we'll shift over to Discord where we have a protocol discussion today and both this this meeting and the the both this meeting and the protocol discussion meeting will be available as as a recording later So thank you for joining everyone bye